okay to bum back I wanted to come on
here and show you guys this new hair
that I've got it's from virgin head hair
company yeah so I originally found out
about this hair from vanity sanity on
YouTube I'm gonna link her video down
below the hair is a hundred percent
Armenian virgin here so when I went to
look for hair or whatever I need to hear
that could stand up to dying because I'm
gonna die this hair I need to hear that
was not gonna shut on me not gonna
tangle not be trash basically so I
picked this here at everything because
it was affordable and you know I heard
good things about it so I'm gonna show
you basically actually I'm going to tell
you everything first so I found out the
hair from bandi sanity on YouTube I'm
gonna link her video in the description
so I got three bundles of exquisite wave
and we different my phone three bundles
of exquisite wave 18 20 22
there's Armenian hair that's what they
said I paid 235 for the bundle deal and
I also paid $10 shipments all together
245 I ordered on August first
and I got thing here literally yesterday
I'll get tonight so if you're looking
for those hair to like come in three to
four days it says one to three days for
shipping but it was a weekend like it
hit the weekend basically and I believe
the hair I don't know if it's coming
from overseas or what but I'm not
exactly sure so yeah so I ordered in
your August first got it August 9th no
invoice was in the package standard
packaging it was delivered by the post
office and one thing to know is that I
always try to like deliver my hair to my
job because I'm never home so this time
just so happened my super signed to me
thank the Lord because I was in here you
know I can be here and stuff like that
but so if you want to send me here to
somewhere else besides your shipping
address or your billing address you
cannot do it like they won't do it for
you so yeah customer service was great I
emailed them multiple times literally
like back to back to back and oh it's
got back to me at one point I didn't
even get my shipping not my shipping I
don't even get my tracking number yet
and I emailed them and it was like well
and you should have got your tracking
number for you and I guess Amy must be
the person that they like the vendor or
something like that but I'm not exactly
sure about the whole thing and you have
to have my pajamas on right now but yeah
so yeah that's the everything about the
hair basically so I got 18 20 22
exquisite wave and as the hair comes it
looks like a loose wave but it's
supposed to get very wave you can look
up other reviews on this hair and you'll
see after you washed or you co wash it
it definitely gets this like really
pretty wave to it I'm probably gonna
registrate or curled but I just wanted
something versatile so yeah once again
it's a virgin head hair armenian
exquisite wait so i'm going to show you
the actual here now i'm not gonna take
them all out so oh and when I got the a
okay
this is the packaging I came and
standard UPS our USPS packaging it also
came with this little coupon for 10% off
my next purchase and all things go well
I will be getting here for them again
and on the back it has the picture so
yeah standard packaging and it's very
true that it here does literally smell
like Jolly Rancher candy and I'm not
sure if it's like the conditioner or the
shampoo they use because I don't think
shampoo or conditioner was picked as
heavy to hair this long so it could be
like a hair perfume I haven't asked them
but I don't know if they'll even tell me
like these
so yes let me take one out this is the
22 inch
I haven't even taking this out there 680
now so how many little baggies like
noisy like the Aliexpress ones so this
is the hair do you guys see like the
luster how nice it is so it's 22 inches
so I'm 5-1 if you stretch it it comes
down like underneath my breath which is
strange but oh what am I do I'm stupid
don't mind me 22 will be down here duh
it's the longest one so yes it comes all
the way down to like underneath my
bellybutton so yeah I have to get in the
hair smells so good it's crazy like I
wish I could smile like this forever but
you know I see a little bit of static
going on with this bundle that didn't
have at the 18 inch but that's fine my
hair is like so good and you see me run
my hands through it I'm getting like you
know no shutting of course not yet but I
don't want to mess it up too much with
my hands and oils from my fingers but
yeah I hope you guys can see the actual
shine and luster to the hair and
everything like that the ends look great
it looked like they were cut so all the
hair comes with a little logo on it
where a little logo I don't know if you
can see a virgin had hundred percent I
guess it said Armenian here and then it
also comes with this they tell you
exactly what you got so I got exquisite
wave and that's the 22 hundreds of color
1b it only comes in one color literally
so I don't know if they diagnose the
natural hair but obviously this version
they couldn't die it so yeah that's the
and I'm literally just gonna show you
guys the 18 inches I already cut out
like that this is not a noisy cuz
they're so annoying when it's noisy you
trying to like unboxing so this is 18 it
says exquisite way they have other to
have pure straight allure essence wave
infinity wave which yeah I don't really
want straight here like look at the
bounce one this was like so crazy and I
bought this hair at my own money I'm
trying to see if you could see the
luster can you see it but yeah so it's
just the 18 like so far so good I think
it's gonna be some good hair and the
beard I was looking for them and I can't
really find them honestly like if you
can see I don't think the I'm on my iPad
basically so I don't think it's kind of
focused that crazy but literally I
really can't find their beards this is
the web construction oh and one thing I
feel like if you like really full hair I
believe you would probably need four
bundles because the hair is not thin to
me but it's not the thickest basically
so and it just smells so great um I wish
you guys could smell it right now but
yeah so yeah that's my little review of
the hair I won't be putting this in
probably to another month but keep
checking back to my channel to see if
any updates I'm definitely gonna color
it but it's gonna be a surprise color I
don't gonna tell you guys yet and if you
guys want to see like an update on this
here is my second install with this hair
need to buy myself some time before I
can get money for this install cuz all
this cost money so yeah and it ends are
good on this one as well and otherwise
just a twenty they all look the same
just different lips basically and yeah I
hope this hair works out I would
definitely recommend them just because
right now
have really good customer service I know
when the girl on humanities mandated her
reviews I didn't see any problems with
her hair and I think that's all a couple
of people and I've seen videos of them
color in it that's what sold me on
getting this hair for me something that
sounded really laughs through the color
and not shut on me so wish me look good
so into my video and I will see you guys
next time